GM everybody. We're at episode one of
Crypto Talk and Blockchain Walk.
>> Episode zero.
>> Episode zero where we talk the talk with
your favorite builders who walk the
walk.
>> I'm honored to be one of y'all's
favorite builders. What's up everybody?
I'm Willy Wonka if we haven't met.
>> Nice. So that's my first question. Who
are you? What do you do?
>> My name is Willy Wonka. I've been
building uh several projects in the web
3 space and before that in the web two
space. So serial builder. always
considered myself a product first
founder and um just this past week I
started a new role as head of product at
Venice which is awesome and uh it's also
interesting because at the same time
this past two weeks we launched the the
new version of this platform we've been
building for two years uh it's called
blank.space space and it's a launchpad
where any community can deploy their own
customizable Farcaster client which can
be the homepage and the hub for the
community. It's not just a website but
it's a mini app and it's a platform
where the community members can log in
uh post and engage with content and
fully customize their own profile using
the same customizability tools that are
available for community managers to
customize the whole platform. Basically
like a WordPress uh community platform
builder on top of Farcaster.
>> Awesome. So I have a question. Right now
we're in the midst of a third crypto
winter since I've been in the space
since 2017.
>> My third as well. Yep.
>> Nice. So why are you still here?
>> Well, I still believe, you know, the the
reasons that I got into the space in the
first place haven't changed. And if
anything, like we're actually delivering
on that vision that at one point back in
2017 seemed amazing, but also seemed
like a little bit of a fantasy and
certainly wasn't certain. Like at this
point, I have no doubt that eventually
the masses and all of these AI agents
are going to come on chain. um and that
that's going to be one of the most
beneficial things for society uh that
anyone could imagine right now. I think
financial sovereignty um and really the
decentralized web is what got me excited
at in the first place. Those values
haven't changed whatsoever. But yeah,
it's a it's too bad that the the price
isn't reflecting that, but at the same
time, it's just a great time to lock in
and build.
>> Do you think community sentiment is a
reflection of price?
>> Well, it's interesting. Uh it depends on
kind of what community you're thinking
about. So, uh I'm part of the builder
community and I think the builder
community uh while certainly the vibes
shift um the mission doesn't change and
if anything you can have less
distractions uh to build and um we know
that there will be another bull market.
So, I'm sure that when the bull market
comes a lot of the the builders like me
are going to wish that we actually had a
little bit more time to prepare for it,
right? But then yeah when you uh talk
about the broader community then I think
for sure the morale the sentiment um the
interest all really takes a heavy hit
when uh when we enter these bare markets
especially when after this last cycle I
don't know if you were like me but like
we were we all were very bullish and
thought that we were going to the moon
and that didn't really happen. uh which
I think can be really exhausting for
people like you and I who have been in
this space for many cycles and um and
still are are waiting basically uh for
the dream to be realized. So it's tough
but um I still love coming to these
conferences and I think I even enjoy
them more during the bare market because
it really is just the people who are
there because they believe in the the
values and the mission and they're not
just there for the upside.
>> Absolutely. Before we talk about the
conference, one last thing. Do you think
the first billion users on chain are
going to be more comprised of humans or
AI agents?
>> At this point, I actually think it's
going to be AI agents. Yeah, I think the
first billion active addresses, I think
the majority of them will be AI agents,
but we'll see. Um, I really and I I
really hope that we can get more people
on chain before that happens. Um, and
it's honestly one of the concerns I have
about the space is the negative like
perception that a lot of people outside
of the crypto community have about our
industry. I think that uh that concerns
me because I really think everyone
should come on chain. I think the sooner
they can do that, the better. And uh
yeah, I think that people should front
and run all these agents that are about
to come on chain because once that
happens, there's there's no going back.
>> So, we're here at ETH Boulder. Why are
you at ETH Boulder,
>> man? Uh well, I love coming to Ethereum
conferences. Ethereum community is my
favorite community. I get to see friends
like you and catch up. Um but Boulder is
also one of my favorite cities in the
world. I went to school here and lived
here for many years. And uh so it's a
beautiful town. It's a great place to
come back and visit. And um yeah, I I
love going to these conferences because
you basically get to hang out with a
bunch of your friends. You meet awesome
really cool people and you do it in an
amazing location like Boulder. So
there's nowhere else I'd rather be in
the world right now than than Eth
Boulder.
>> So ETH Boulder is the event that's kind
of piggybacking. I guess it's piggy
fronting off of ETH Denver.
I'm glad that they're close to each
other and not overlapping because it
would have been hard to choose.
>> What do you think is going to be the
biggest differentiator between the vibes
at ETH Boulder versus the vibes we're
going to have at ETH Denver?
>> Well, Eth Boulder's a lot smaller and
ETR is going to be huge. So, um because
it's gotten so large, it's hard at ETHRE
to not only just see everybody that you
want to see, but then actually have good
conversations and like have time to
catch up with them. A lot of the stuff
at ETB is like, "Oh, hey, great to see
you. All right, I'll see you later." And
then you never see them again. Whereas
in Boulder, you get time to go on walks
and really catch up and talk about what
you're building, learn about what the
other person's building, share ideas.
So, um, yeah, I think we're going to
have a lot more deeper conversations u
here at ETH Boulder. Not to say ETH is
not going to be amazing and I love them
too and appreciate everything they do
and the fact that it's a free conference
and I'm sure there's going to be some
awesome sit in parties. Um, and yeah, I
I think um another really cool thing
about East Denver is the hackathon and
so I'll probably spend a lot of my time
there just just building stuff in the
hackathon uh dungeon.
>> Sweet. Where can uh we send people to
learn more about what you're working on?
>> So, uh right now you can go to
nounspace.com to view this platform that
we built for the Nouns community. That's
like our flagship space system. And if
you like what you see there and you're
interested in having one of those for
your own community, uh you can go to
blank.space. Right now it's a wait list
but um it is live in alpha so we're
inviting communities from the wait list.
So far they're all having a very great
positive experience. So that's
encouraging and um yeah it's it's
available for free right now. We're just
making sure everything works smoothly
before we open the floodgates. So
link.space. You can also find me on
Farcaster or Twitter as Willy Wonka.
>> Nice. Thanks Willie.
>> Thanks y'all. Have the best day. Peace.